# [v1.2] ATPXMLConverter (2022-07-08)

## **Features**

- ### Multiple classic teststep description key per set of translation

  - Allow users to specify multiple test step description keys by separation of a newline. The purpose of this is to match interchangeable test steps that have inconsistently named descriptions.

- ### New keyword column in config file
- - A set of keywords can be used to further expand the matching range of the desired test steps.
  - This column can be left blank and should be used only when the user is confident that the keyword set used is unique to the desired test step.

- ### Parameter referencing for function parameters in config file

  - Referencing can be done in column F of mapping sheet by enclosing the reference key with ##. Using the referencing feature allows users to quickly map key to values specified in the parameter references sheet.

- ### Implemented validation check for DD2.0 translations

  - Created a database containing all valid function definitions which is used by the program to validate if a valid DD2.0 translation is used.
  - A dropdown list is available for columns D to F of mapping sheet which shows a selectable list of the function definitions that draws from the function definition database.
  - Function definition database can be updated through the tool by accessing the file menu and clicking on the function definition option.
  - If the function definition database has been updated with new functions, users can update their config file with the updated function defintion drop list through the tool by clicking on the update button beside the config file path display.

## **Changes**

- ### Removal of clear data button
  - Removed clear data button which provides no UX usage.
- ### Improved UI of config warning prompts
  - Changed previous warning message box for config file to a dialog box which improves readablity and UX.

## **Bug Fixes**

- ### Warning prompt for duplicate classic teststep description key

  - Users will now be prompt with a error message with details pointing to the location of the error when duplicate description keys are specified in the mapping sheet of the config file.
