# [v1.1] ATPXMLConverter (2022-06-24)

## **Features**

- ### Testcase type filter feature
  - Filter box with radio buttons to select between testcase/function/both.
  - Selecting a particular filter will hide and de-select all test steps not of the selected filter.
  - Switching between filters will reset selection for all test steps of the particular filter type.
- ### Right click content menu for classic function parameter list
  - Append selected parameters to DD2.0 function parameter list.
  - Mirror selected parameters to DD2.0 function parameter list.
- ### Propagation of DD2.0 translation changes to all teststeps of same description.
  - Editing of DD2.0 translation in UI data grid will affect all teststeps of same description.
- ### Option to save updated DD2.0 translations to a new config Excel file.
  - New update button to save output updated excel file

## **Changes**

- ### Replacement of load data button with refresh button
  - Removed loaded data button and implemented of direct loading of parsed xml data after file upload.
  - Replaced with refresh data button which is enabled after uploading both config and xml file.
  - Refresh button will trigger a re-evalution of the config file and also re-parse the xml file with the re-evaluated mapping. This will update update the UI data grid to reflect any changes made to the config or xml file.
- ### Removal of save location button and filepath display
  - To improve UI/UX flow, user will be prompt to define filepath of the converted xml file after pressing the convert button.
- ### Changed search bar autocomplete list to exclude teststep ID
  - Search bar has been optimized to only display autocompletion of classic teststep description.

## **Bug Fixes**

- ### Fixed intermittent un-responsiveness of testcase drop down button
- ### Fixed collapsible testcase box not resizing to visible teststeps widgets only.
